Do you guys smell that?
What?
What's wrong?
Something bad happened.
Oh, God...
Run!
Rimmer!
- Estevez!
- Shit!
Farah Black?
You're with them now?
Drop your weapon.
They're the ones you want.
I am on your side--
There are no sides!
- Drop the gun now!
- You are making a mistake--
You're pointing your weapon
at a police officer--
- Just listen to what I'm telling you--
- Drop it!
- Five, four, three--
- To what I am--
- Two!
- Okay.
Okay.
All right...
I solved the mystery...
Don't talk.
Put some pressure right...
right here.
Oh, God... Todd?
They're gone now.
We're going to be okay now.
You sure about that?
It's tough to be a princess,
but I like a challenge.
How can you tell what love feels like
when everybody loves you?
Sometimes, I feel like I'm walking
in someone else's dreams...
Everything is connected...
Hey, Bart, I got clothes.
This was all I could find.
I stole it from downstairs, so...
Aren't we lucky that we live
in such a beautiful world?
Bart?
Why are you in such a hurry?
Well, we've... got places to go.
Right?
Everything is connected...
Maybe we could just stay here
and watch the TV.
They got these shows
in between shows
that show you things
you can buy in a store.
Commercials?
Yeah.
They're terrific.
Okay.
It's like you wake up one morning...
Commercials it is.
...Your parents hate you
and your brother's gay.
Everything is connected.
If you can't be a princes...
I never had a surprise before.
I only got two bullets left.
I still hurt all over.
- Maybe--
- Bart.
Two bullets?
Seriously?
That's your excuse?
I saw you kill someone
by waving at them.
All that stuff you said to me
about life and purpose and stuff?
You think maybe...
surprises are good sometimes?
Like there could be such thing
as a surprise that helps you?
Yes.
I do.
Yeah.
What doesn't kill you,
you know, usually makes you--
Makes you hurt real bad
and makes you cry.
Makes you stronger.
That's....
Yeah.
I think you're right, Ken.
I think I wanna see
where those two bullets go.
Okay.
You know, I'll bet
that if you head out that door
and start walking,
you'll find out.
You saved me.
Don't rub it in.
How are we going
to get out of this one, right?
Just another crazy...
situation.
Farah...
The night you were kidnapped...
It was me behind the door
you were knocking on.
I didn't let you in, and--
I know that. Obviously.
You knew?
It's not like I forgot
which door I knocked on, Todd.
It's my fault,
I had my weapon drawn.
Well, right, but--
When I met you
that first night, you...
you saved my life.
By the time I realized
that was your door,
I knew you well enough
to understand why that door
did not open that night.
- It was my fault.
- I...
should never been there
in the first place.
Ah. See?
You also knew...
a thing.
I didn't lie to you
any more than you lied to Farah.
Yes, you did.
I would describe it as...
"strategic no-truthing."
Go on, go!
Go.
Stop. Stop!
All right, calm down, Lydia,
it's gonna be all right,
we're gonna figure this out.
It's gonna be all right...
Maybe.
The corgi knows.
Or rather,
Lydia Spring knows.
I'm sorry, Ms. Spring,
it was destroyed after
this nice "real" detective
- shot it a bazillion times.
- You shut up!
All right?
I need to focus.
I need to...
I've gotta figure this out.
All right?
What is this place?
Who are you people?
How the hell did you do this to her?
I want answers.
Talk!
Okay, so,
100 years ago--
All right, I'm gonna need you
to shut up with that shit right now--
I thought you said
you wanted answers--
I want reality!
I want my reality back,
and I want it back
right goddamn now--
I am not the enemy.
I-I just want to know
what's going on.
Please, will somebody
tell me what's going on?
Huh? Please.
More than a hundred years ago,
a man named Zackariah Webb
built a machine that broke
and went to the future,
where these tattooed wackos found it,
and used it to swap souls.
They swapped Lydia with a corgi
to use as leverage
to stop Patrick Spring,
who was actually
also Zackariah Webb,
having jumped through time
to get his machine back--
I hate everything
about this right now...
In 2002,
after the Men of the Machine
killed his wife,
Patrick Spring,
who was a fake identity,
created to be
the son of Edgar Spring,
who was actually Zackariah Webb,
jumped forward in time
to last week,
destroyed the Men Of the Machine,
and then went to the Perryman Grand
to confront his future self,
which led to the young Patrick Spring
accidentally killing old Patrick Spring,
when a kitten went off
and set off a shark explosion.
Wait, so, that's what happened?
Fairly straightforward, I think.
Estevez...
there's still a way to save Lydia.
That's right.
You destroyed this machine,
and this plug,
but there's another way.
How?
That thing.
It's another version
of the same machine,
and we know where to plug it in.
Sir?
Sir, you can't
come in here like that!
Shut up, idiot.
I'm talking to the captain.
- Hey!
- Boys...
- Get in there.
- Stand down.
You can't just come in--
They stole the soul-exchanger.
And you know who has it?
Your man, Estevez.
So...
it's finally over.
You've got no friends left, Rimmer.
I've been making calls
to Brothers in high places all day.
Nobody's picking up.
There's no one left to help you.
Coming here,
you've put me in danger.
The Men of the Machine are over,
you've destroyed us!
No, no, no...
They're going to try and switch
Lydia and Rapunzel back.
We get that machine back,
we get control.
We are gonna go
to the only altar that's left.
We're gonna take men,
we're gonna take weapons,
and we're gonna go there.
If we quit now,
then we lose everything.
But no.
We go there.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...
I got you, I got you.
Thank you. Thank you, I...
I feel less walkie
and more fall-y right now.
Don't mention it.
You gonna stay with us?
What, you mean like,
with the living people?
Yeah.
Ideally, yes,
but you know how things are
when you've got the cereal bowl
flower exchange...
Say what?
There's a lot of wording happening
should me no talk good
'cause blood all gone.
Right...
Arrow have.
I see that...
Todd, are you good?
The answer to that question
is kind of long.
Let's go.
Come on, I'll put you down.
There we go.
There are six entrances to the house.
There's no way we can cover all of them,
so if anyone comes in--
Wait...
would they come here?
This... thing, it's like their most sacred...
thing.
They're gonna be mad we took it.
So they know what's under this place.
What is under this place?
A place with the...
stuff.
Oh, shit.
Ms. Black...
How much of this is legal?
There are a number of loopholes,
you know, legally,
regarding what constitutes a militia,
with relevance to state law,
and in accordance with---
You know what, never mind.
This is the least illegal shit I've done all day.
If this is a time machine,
can I go back?
Go back? Where?
Save my partner.
Some things can't be changed.
Lydia first.
Whoa!
Are you sure you know
what you're doing?
No. I only saw them do this once.
We jump them,
and they switch places.
Make thing switchy.
Sw...switch...
The Men of the Machine
had a whole contraption for this.
Is it supposed to do that?
I'm not qualified to answer that question.
Why can't I go back?
It's already on. I could go back,
I could-I could fix this.
- I could fix everything--
- Bring Lydia here.
Why are we even bothering with this?
I could go back and stop her
from ever being kidnapped.
Because it doesn't work that way--
Because it doesn't--
Todd!
No, don't worry about me.
We're too close to give up now.
Hold her there.
Okay, Estevez, push that crank.
Yeah!
What the hell is that?
Hey!
No, no, trust me,
you have to trust me--
- No, you killed her!
- Switch them! Switch them now!
I got her, I got her.
She's dead, man.
- It's how you do it.
- She's not breathing.
- You frigging killed them.
- Is this what should happen?
It's gonna work.
Three...
two...
one.
Hey, hey, come on, Lydia.
Whoo!
Screw this.
She bit me!
Come on...
Hey...
Farah?
Lydia?
Oh, my God!
It worked.
Holy shit.
I thought we would never get you back.
I'm so stupid.
I should've never gone
to that guy's house, but...
I knew you could do it.
The moment I saw you,
I knew everything
was going to be all right.
Okay.
Okay...
Thank you so much.
We did the best we could for you, Lydia.
These guys threw me off a bridge.
I'll help you up.
Come on.
Look at me?
We got company.
Wait, Farah!
Where are you going?
Stay here.
- Farah, wait...
- Stay here!
Whoa! Jesus!
We have to fix the machine.
We have to send it back.
Send it back?
We should destroy this stupid thing!
No.
It won't work.
It needs this.
It needs to go back
to where it came from,
to start the loop again.
They put me in a dog.
I watched him feed me dog food.
I have been sleeping
on the streets for a week,
I was so hungry, I ate a rat.
If we don't send
the Machine back in time...
you won't exist.
You're the center of the loop.
It all revolves around you.
This has to go back to your dad,
so that he can try
and manipulate the future,
and eventually meet your mom, and...
...sex with her, and--
Todd, Todd, Todd, Todd...
Everything's spinning.
Yeah, but still.
You guys are both dying.
No.
We're not.
We're okay--
Todd...
We have to get out of here.
- Someone has to tell Farah we--
- Lydia...
Your dad did all of this to save you.
He died
to save your life.
Okay.
What do I do?
Cover me!
Shit.
What do I do now?
How do I, like,
turn it on or whatever?
Turn the crank.
Wait.
The machine's still broken.
Oh, shit.
You're right.
Okay...
Okay, maybe if I can just...
No!
Really?
Stop right now!
I swear to God,
I'll smash this stupid thing
into a billion pieces!
Cover!
Cover me!
Move it!
I'll do it.
- I'll--
- You'll smash it?
And then what?
What then, Lydia Spring?
What then?
Who's that, Ed?
Yo.
But--
Uh...
I'm sorry about earlier.
- I'll do it right this time.
- No, no, no, no!
Bart?
This is it.
These bald guys,
these are the guys that hired me,
the day you found me?
And this thing...
This is the thing
that they hired me to build.
Can you fix this?
Yes.
It's my destiny.
Where is my gun?
Hey, Rapunzel...
Hi. Hi!
Give me my dog.
Drop your gun.
I'm going to shoot you in the head.
I am gonna shoot you in the head,
and take my goddamn dog!
One of those things is gonna happen.
I think I did it.
I think I finished it.
Bart, this is why
you brought me here.
I still got one bullet left.
Huh.
Weird.
Okay.
Bye, Dirk.
Let's get outta here,
these people are nutjobs.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
On three.
One...
Two...
Three.
Solved it.
Hey, loser.
Amanda?
You came back?
Me and the Rowdy 3
came and saved you.
They say that's the last time, by the way.
- Saved me?
- Yeah, duh.
Saved everyone.
There were, like,
a hundred dudes out there,
and we beat them up,
and then they ran away.
Dude, it was sick.
Where's Dirk?
The cop took him to the hospital.
It was not pretty.
Farah took Lydia... somewhere.
She said to meet her
at this address at 6:00.
Dirk says you hate him now?
'Cause he...
tricked you or something?
- He ruined my life.
- Right.
All right.
Later, Todd.
Wait...
What?
You have another lottery ticket?
What was your plan with that, anyway?
I was gonna try and...
fix things.
Fix everything.
Well, some things you don't fix, Todd.
Sometimes when you fall down,
you fall all the way down.
You blew it.
That's just the way it is.
Here's what I do believe,
I think Dirk Gently came
into your life for a reason.
I mean, two weeks ago,
you were a 33-year-old hotel bellhop
with no money, and no friends,
who spent all of his time lying to me.
Now look at you.
You're the bad-ass partner
to a psychic detective.
And you're honest.
Think about why Dirk lied to you.
You and Dirk, you saved that girl.
You saved that girl's life.
No matter what he lied about,
isn't that the part that matters?
I'll see you around, Todd.
Amanda...
Are you really gonna...
leave with those guys?
I mean, Todd, come on...
they already gave me a jacket.
You hungry?
What is it?
Ethiopian.
That's not a word.
Is that a word?
You did a thing back there.
With the thing?
Yes, I did.
You did, too.
Hey, that guy, um, Dirk Gently...
you weren't supposed to kill him.
You were supposed to protect him.
It's not the first
that's happened, is it?
I was supposed
to bring you there, too, so...
and you did the thing,
and now that you did it,
maybe you're gonna leave, and...
Like...
you did your destiny or whatever,
and now that you did it,
maybe you're gonna go...
And it's bad, Ken--
Or you do whatever you want, you know,
because I kidnapped you, and...
and it must have been
really bad for you.
You know, I didn't think about
your feelings and all that, and...
I don't want you to go, I...
I think.
Hey, um...
I'm not going anywhere.
Okay...
Security will meet you
on the ground in Belize.
You cannot call me when you land.
From there, you'll be on your own.
Now, you can access
your father's offshore accounts--
I don't understand
why I have to leave the country.
It's just for now.
We don't know how many of them
are still out there.
They could still be looking for you.
I don't even know who "they" are--
They're a cult formed
around the time machine
my father accidentally
sent forward from the past
that use a broken aspect
of the machine to swap bodies.
The guy who kidnapped me
was a rock star,
and he got mad and betrayed them.
Coincidentally, on the same day
my father traveled into the future
to get revenge
for the murder of my mother.
I am so sorry things ended this way. I...
I let you down,
I let your father down--
What are you talking about?
It was a time loop,
there was nothing you could do.
This was the best possible ending.
Don't you see that?
Farah, you kicked everyone's ass
and saved me.
It was so...
you.
It was?
Yeah.
Ever since I was little,
you were the most
inspiring person ever,
but you always try to hide
from what a freak you are.
- Um--
- And then when my dad died,
and I was a dog,
and everything was hopeless,
there you are with an army of weirdos,
saving the day.
It was perfect.
You are perfect.
Good luck, Farah.
I love you.
I love you, too.
I just gave you four million dollars.
How?
My phone. Duh.
Have fun with your new friends.
They seem insane.
Okay.
In the beginning, it was just an idea.
I wanted...
I wanted so badly to believe
that there was something bigger.
A bigger pattern.
A bigger... meaning.
I knew...
when I first met you,
I'd found it.
It was real.
It was all real, and you were proof.
You are what you say you are,
and I am so proud of you.
Very long story short,
until yesterday,
it hailed as my greatest case,
one of deception,
danger, double-crosses,
and an all-round
perversion of high emotion,
and, dare I say it, romance.
Puffles the horse had faked,
yes, faked, his death by--
I need the chair.
- Sorry?
- That you're in?
Oh, yes, quite.
Oh, well.
Here I am again.
Where?
Todd, you're...
...here.
But the case is over.
How's your shoulder?
It's...
terrible, actually.
Look I don't-- I don't understand...
Did you want something from me? Or...
I can't help you,
I-I can't do anything
to help your situation, or what I said--
I don't need help.
Here.
I got this from your apartment.
Oh, um...
That's a Mexican Funeral T-shirt.
I don't have many left, so try not to...
get shot in it.
Look, I'm sorry,
but I don't understand.
You're...
What do you want?
Why are you here?
I'm here because I'm your friend.
Besides,
I don't want to miss out
on when the next case starts.
So--
Didn't you say this band hated you?
Yeah, well.
We're late.
Farah wants to meet up.
What? Really?
Once Estevez gives us the all-clear,
some people are going
to ask us some questions.
Undoubtedly.
And how do we answer them?
Well, yeah, we can't tell people
about the time machine,
we'll sound insane.
We don't want to sound insane.
- No, we want to sound like sane guys--
- So sane, we're boring.
Yeah, two boring, sane guys
having a... normal time.
Let's say,
best-case scenario,
we come out of this not arrested,
despite all the... deaths.
- Yeah, the-the deaths.
- What then?
I'd... like to make an investment
in your detective agency.
- Really?
- What?
Uh....
Bu-- Uh-- Bu-- Uh--
Bu-- Uh... But of course!
I accept your proposal
as my venture capitalist.
Proof of concept has clearly
already been established.
But I remain quite firm on the signage.
A brass plaque.
"Dirk Gently's
Holistic Detective Agency"
Name recognition and all that.
I wouldn't want to muddy it
with a jumble of "Farahs" and "Todds."
It's cleaner this way.
And... how much
can I expect me to say yes to?
If she's your partner,
I don't think it's fair to nix her name.
No, I-I'd prefer my name
to remain off the...
name.
Ah.
So it's settled. And Todd.
I feel like you're no longer an assistant.
I'm promoting you to ward.
Isn't that like a male nanny?
Yeah, I'm not...
Okay, Dirk, you're pissing me off again.
Oh, you don't like the title?
...Comme tu regardes au-dehors
J'emporte un portrait dévoré
Douleur destin bord à bord
Here's my station...
Here's my station
Hoo, hoo, hoo...
But if you say just one word
I'll stay with you
Here's my station...
What the hell?
Trying to cover up your tracks, ass--
--hole?
Why did you shoot me?
Dang it.
For Pete's sakes, now it's...
No. No, this is...
Oh, man, now it's...
This is perfect.
This is just so me.
I don't know why I shot you.
Are you okay?
Duh, no, sorry.
You don't know what's going on?
No, right, I-I know,
about the body-swapping guys
and the machine?
We just burned the Spring house down,
and cleaned that up,
and then we went and burned
their place down, too, at the zoo?
No, I've just been...
burning everything down.
We had a big file on that.
We have files on, like, everything.
I mean, what do they
want me to do, read 'em all?
I can't do that. It's... it's boring.
I-I...
I just wanted to be in charge,
but what they don't tell you
is that once you're in charge,
there's all this other, like...
"Blah-blah-blah-blah-blah
top secret..." Blah!
Do you know, they can't arrest me?
Like, we're go gonna kill
the rest of those body-swapping guys,
and it's all, like, top secret,
so it's off... of books,
and all I had to do was write,
like, an email.
And-and then, we're gonna
go get the, uh, the psychics, too,
all the ones that we've been tracking,
and more.
And they wouldn't let Riggins
do it, I guess,
but they like me... more, better,
because they gave me $80 million.
We have kill everybody
who knows about it.
So...
- I guess I gotta kill you, too--
- No.
No, you don't have to do that.
You don't, um...
I don't know anything.
I don't-I don't even
understand any of this.
I'm just trying to be a good cop.
Please, you don't...
You don't have to...
Please, man.
Are you reaching for your gun right now?
I'm just doing my job.
- So, if we do this--
- We're already doing it.
Well, how do we find a case?
Just let yourself feel it.
- Feel it?
- Yes.
Okay, take a moment.
Feel anything?
Okay, close your eyes.
Anything at all?
I...
To go to the bathroom.
It's...
Mm-hmm. Yeah.
Farah, would you
excuse me for a moment?
Just... a moment.
Thanks.
Vogle, get her out of here.
- What?
- Go on, get!
Run!
You wanna rush?
Let's rush!
Let's get 'em, boys!
Not now.
Dirk?
Amanda?
Todd! Todd!
Oh, my God, they're coming!
- It's really bad!
- What?
What's happening?
Who's coming?
Todd, listen to me, you have to--
Wait, stay where you are.
I'll find you.
You're gonna to be fine.
You're gonna be fine--
Ah!
Todd? Todd!
What's happening? Todd!
You are never gonna get
Everything you want in this world
First things first get what you deserve...
It began when I was 21 years old
And my mom and dad
were begging me to go
So I left a note
and we went and hit the road
Me and Chris and all the stuff I owned...